meeting with jc, 190514

general guidelines: 
topics: 
1. what's the overall story - done
2. who's the protagonist - done
3. what's their goal? - 
4. what kind of enemies / obstacles do they face? 
5. anything else we can discuss and get out of the way so we can get to making it 
6. plan out next meeting time JC SO HELP ME GOD IF YOU'RE AT THE GYM WHEN THIS THING STARTS

jc ideas: 
1. medieval type stuff
2. think city of heroes, big map, most of world are superheroes, hereos die, lose powers, scientist, get powers back, scientist is evil one. fight villains that used to be heroes, got sick. travel around map getting different powers back / can equip multiple.
3. map style: massive island, multiple biomes (sewer, beach, inner city, etc)

general: 
1. betrayal arc / reveal is key part of story, whether from friend / ally / advisor
2. should be few buildings to go into
3. no fall damage, but fall in a vat of acid / spikes / dangerous ground
4. basic weapon is a sword
5. projectile weapon: energy beam / ball, limited in spamability & power
6. there should be artifacts / heirlooms (think badges in hallowknight), power buffs
7. there is some magic regneration over time and generally you get bursts of magic back through special enemies
8. double jump is an unlocked ability
8. movement: wall jump is standard, wall sliding is also standard, ceiling walking / climbing perhaps takes practice / increased energy pool
9. character, like hollow knight, can swim, but not underwater
10. graphics: will use open source material until no longer needed / can't be used
11. game engine: unity

objective for june 13: 
have a level that showcases character movement abilities, including jump, double jump, wall jump, wall slide, and ceiling climb

GOALS FOR NEXT MEETING: 
next meeting date: june 13
goals: 
1. movement showcase levels
    includes: jump, 2x jump, wall jump, wall slide, ceiling climb
2. ability to take damage
3. energy cost / regeneration

notes:
* create level in unity
* no fall damage
* see other game mechanics above
